Title: Ghost of Tsushima

Rating: 10/10

Ownership: Digital - PS4

Hours Played: ~60 Hours

Start Date: 7/17/20

Finish Date: 9/1/20

Thoughts:

Ghost of Tsushima is a master class in game design and story telling.
While the game might not have an innovative new mechanic or a groundbreaking
new universe, everything it does have is flawlessly executed. The open world
is gorgeous with amazing particle effects and shaders. Running through
fields of grain or fighting underneath a red oak tree just looks amazing.
This is all further exemplified by the brilliant design choices that bring UI 
to a minimum, letting nature show you were to go via birds, foxes, and wind.

The gameplay itself is well rounded for a tradition 3rd person open world
action game. Combat feels great, and I love being able to standoff against enemies
in a traditional samurai style showdon. In fact all of the duels were amazing and
tense; waiting for your opponent to draw their sword and make the first move.

One of the best parts of the game is by far the story. The side quest system in
this game mainly revolves around 5 or so characters and manages to weave mini storylines
through these side quests. To me this is a much better approach than a smattering of
unconnected side content as it helps bring people deeper into the world. The main quest 
was also very rewarding with Kutan Khan being a great villian. The exploration of
Jin and his struggle to be a samurai was also amazing. The end of his arc and the epilogue
with Lord Shimura were truly moving. Knowing George Lucas based Star Wars off of the
samurai film "Hidden Fortress", I can only hope that somebody at Disney was taking notes.

Being what is most likely the last PS4 game developed by a first party at sony,
I think I can safely say that this is the perfect bookmark to what has been one of
the best console generations so far. It's flawless execution is a testimate to what
game development can be and how far our industry has come. Buy it, play it, love it.
You won't be dissapointed.