Title: Jedi: Fallen Order

Rating: 9/10

Ownership: Physical - PS4

Hours Played: 15-20 Hours

Start Date: 1/23/20

Finish Date: 2/18/20

Thoughts:
Out of all the Star Wars games I have played, Fallen Order by far has the best
story. Much like the Mandalorian, it was an interesting and engaging story that
built off the ideals of the original trilogy. There is also a huge influence from
The Cone Wars TV series, exploring Dathomir and the events that took place there in
the show really help to expand upon that section of the Star Wars universe. While I think
some characters didn't get enough time, none of the writing felt poor to me. If anything
I am even more excited for a sequel to see those characters expanded upon more.

From a gameplay perspective, everything is almost perfect. The movement mechanics feel great,
no doubt refined by the teams skill on fluid movement in Titanfall. I also do overall enjoy the
combat system. Having a more one on one style combat system does extremely well when fighting harder
boss type enemies; the combat does weaken a bit when fighting groups but not noticably enough to hamper
the experience.

The only annoying parts of this game are the bugs and the customization options. Characters popping into
 cutscenes, terrible physics during the sliding sections, and even the UI disappearing 
gameplay have impacted my experience. I also can't stand the customization, its genuinely terrible.
Lightsabers are mostly fine, but color customization doesn't come until the end of the game and when it does
it does not feel very rewarding to unlock each color. For Cal, every alternate costume is a different design pattern
for a poncho. Ponchos have never been cool, and this game is trying way to hard to get me 
excited about wearing unique ponchos, its never going to happen. Please make better costumes next time.

If you're a Star Wars fan this is by far the best AAA game that EA has put out since its exclusive rights
to the Star Wars license in 2013. Hopefully with the little time they have left with the IP they will take
note and make more games in the vain of engaging single player Star Wars experiences.  