Title: Red Dead Redemption 2

Rating: 9/10

Ownership: Digital - Xbox

Hours Played: 60 Hours

Start Date: 10/26/18

Finish Date: 12/21/18

Thoughts:
The story of Red Dead Redemption 2 is probably one the most engrossing tales I have 
ever experienced in a video game. Following the gangs 20+ characters over the course
of the game, I became attached to quite a few of them, though there were a few of the 
women that never really felt all that fleshed out to me. The world is also amazing, fully
realised with beautiful details and a large and open landscape that allows you to truly 
feel like a man in the dying west. Arthur Morgan is brilliant for a main character, with 
interesting back story and a very adaptable persona to the player who embodies him. However,
I still think John Marston is a better protagonist in the Read Ded universe.

The only things holding this game back unfortunately, are some outdated gameplay mechanics 
and some other small details that, while still small, become massive annoyances after the first
few chapters. The animations, while amazing in both a technical sense and attention to detail, 
are extremely slow and often break the pace of the game or scencario I am in. Drawing new guns 
from your horse, raiding a cabinet for items, even something as simple as picking up your hat can 
begin to prove frustrating as each of these animations can take upwards of 3-4 seconds. Another big
gripe is the lack of an easy to use/dedicated fast travel system. While the world is intriguing and
at times even photo realistic when moving through it, it can become a chore to travel from one quest
to another. A fast travel system probably would have cut around 3 hours of travel padding between quests.
Gunplay is alright, the snap to target system isn't very rewarding, but I think it gets the job done as the
game is more narratively focused anyway. Finally, I think the quest design could have used some diversity.
Every quest usually had the same formula of travel to location A, to meet up with a person who will then take 
you to location B while delivering exposition, then arrive and have something go awry and kill some people.

For any fans of the original Red Dead Redemption I think this game is a must play. It beautifully fleshes out 
the backstory of the Van Der Linde Gang and really brings value to the original games narrative. While the core 
gameplay can eventually become a little monotonous, the true western tale this game offers can't be under sold and 
everyone who finds a western appealing should give it a shot.
 