Title: Super Mario Party

Rating: 6/10

Ownership: Physical - Switch

Hours Played: 10-15 Hours

Start Date:10/12/18

Finish Date: 11/23/18

Thoughts:
Though the content is a little sparce, Super Mario Party is one of the most solid entries
in the series and does quiet a bit to refresh the dying party game. Going back to its roots
with simple maps and FFA/Team game modes, Super Mario Party really gets at the core of what 
makes the series so special, random/chaotic turns followed by fun minigames. Honestly Mario Party
has never been fair, and this game doesn't seem to care much about balancing it, but
the spontaneous feel of every match can weave players through a roller coaster of emotions 
as the winner shifts almost every round. The addition of character specific dice was also an
interesting touch, adding more weight to your character choice while also expanding the options 
in the players tool belt for each turn. The special grid based team mode is also well thought out and
offers a unique way to play the 4 game boards included. (Which helps as the 4 boards can get rather repetetive)
Though, I wish in the grid based mode you could stop whenever you wanted instead of having to 
use all of your movement. To many times I wanted to go an odd number of space away and had rolled evens that just 
ruined the flow of the game. There a few other modes: rafting, the music stage, and the minigame road.
While each one is originally interesting, they end up feeling like filler in the grand scheme of things.
When people go to play this game in the future nobody will ever try to play any modes other than the ones most 
like "Mario Party". Unfortunately this is where the games biggest let down comes in, core Mario Party content is 
lacking. The 4 maps are very fun and have diverse play styles in each, but as stated above, sometimes the four
maps can feel quite boring after a while, especially if playing them close together. I wish they could have scrapped
the other content and focuses more on the core aspects, but I understand why they added in other side content
in an effort to add variety. I'd say if you want to have a core Mario Party experience than its definitely worth 
picking up, but maybe wait for a price drop unless you play enough of the side content to justify the experience.