Title: The Last of Us Part 2

Rating: 6/10

Ownership: Digital - PS4

Hours Played: 18 Hours

Start Date: 7/2/20

Finish Date: 7/8/20

Thoughts:
After a long and arduous playthrough, I brutalized people, blew up dogs,
killed pregnant women, and systematically murdered people in increasingly
violent ways. Quite honestly im not sure if enjoyed myself at all while 
playing. The game depicts violence without the lens of heroism or just cause.
It's just pure violence and rage. I understand this is the point, but instead
of being able to say it is an enjoyable game, I guess I can only really say it is
thought provoking.

This isn't to say the game is bad. The mechanics are solid and engaging, and the 
story is extremely gripping (for better or worse). I especially liked the open world
section of Seattle. This section perhaps was one of the main spots I would consider
enjoyable before it devolves into insanity.

Mechanically and thematically the game is trying to get you into Ellie's and the world's
mindset of desperate and painful struggle. This is executed quite brilliantly as
ammo becomes scarce and encounters get larger and more dangerous. This is reinforced
through the complex narrative weaving every side as both good and evil, but willing to do
anything to others to achieve their goals.

Ultimately I think perhaps a few hours couldve been cut from Abby's side of the story, 
and more time given to the Seraphites and/or Santa Barbara. I think that both the Seraphites
and the Rattlers (end game faction) had much more interesting stories to tell than the
WLF. To me the WLF just felt like if Jackson had moved to Seattle, where as these other
factions (religious zealots and what appears to be slavers) were genuinely different and
could provide a much needed completely new perspective.

I'm not sure the Last of Us needed a sequel, but I think this is a fine addition to the series.
The game perfectly executes what it was trying to accomplish and few other games
can truly translate the emotions they want to give directly to the player is such a fashion.
If you are looking for a "fun time", I dont think this is for you. However, if you 
are looking to be moved or to be engaged by an intense and gritty appoclyptic story
than look no furthur than the Last of Us: Part 2.