Title: The Outer Worlds

Rating: 9/10

Ownership: GamePass - PC

Hours Played: 19 Hours 

Start Date: 5/18/20

Finish Date: 6/1/20

Thoughts:
What can I say about Outer Worlds. After hearing some much about the Fallout
series from friends, but being dissapointed in Fallout 4, I can only imagine
that this game is the experience and enjoyment they must've found in the earlier
Fallout games. The gameplay was fun and fair, with stats influencing the paths
I could choose. Becoming a world class hacker to turn the robots against each other
or using my persuasion skils to avert war was great to see. The combat also felt very tight
for an rpg of this nature. I rarely found myself having to use the time slow effect
simply because the range of weapons and tight controls allowed me to fight for myself.

The narrative was also very compelling. The Outer Worlds gives a very harsh critique of
hyper capitalism and the ways if can effect society. However, the game gives you the chance 
to make of this scenario what you will and I very much enjoyed shaping the world and digging into
its grittier aspects. The main story also does a brilliant job of forcing the player to make tough
choices. Even in the opening missions of EdgeWater, I found myself constantly pausing
to think of the moral/ethical/gameplay implications of my actions.

The companions were also for the most part well written, with me especially forming attachments to
Parvatti and the Vicar. The only big dissapointment in the game is SAM, the robot companion. His quest
to earn him as a companion is to find a specific part so they he can be booted up again. I enjoyed this
quest a lot as when I finally stumbled across the item I instantly had a jolt of excitement to
get him booted up. However, once you start him he is just a dull cleaning droid packed with
pre-fed corporate lines that he spits out. He also has 0 customization between his armor and weapons.
Honestly his lack of personality, further quests, and lack of customization makes him the worst
companion by far and almost feels out of place in his lack of details.

If you enjoy the Fallout games you need to check this game out. While it may not have the 
breadth of content that a typical Fallout game has (I feel like I did about 75% of everything),
what it does have is fun and highly pollished. I recommend it to any RPG player looking for 
an interesting world and a fun time.